Sorry. Record the conversation. Sorry, I moved my ear earphones. Hold on. Let me switch off the TV as well. Ow. 
Okay. Oh, you're all right. 
Smashed my knee. But is it okay? 
All right. I'm also recording the the video. 
Oh, lovely. Yes. Thank you. All right. Let's hop in. Hop in. Um So, what's the what do we do first? 
So, as I recall, we have um we got the house and then it produces one person. Yes. 
Per turn. 
Okay. So, 
uh and then I believe uh we had the phases. Oh, yeah. So, move, gather, hunt, and build. 
Yes. 
So, Phil, uh why don't you go first and then I guess just run through those phases. Oh. Uh, right. We need to define the success. Oh, yeah. We said five turns. So, we're going to try it survived for five turns, which is probably going to go 
pretty well to be honest. We'll probably probably make it. 
Okay. Five turns. Uh, population is one for the moment. And resources starts with three, right? Is that is that part of the deal still or we don't know if resources are important? I don't know. There's this aspect of resources and and all that. Uh what if we start at zero 
zero resources? 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
And then if uh if we are not able to find anything on this initial turn, our our people will just die and we'll have to one. 
All right. So I move um so these five movement tokens are still viable, right? We use that idea. 
Yes, I think um Five movement tokens. 
Yeah. I don't know. Which means we we can do five things. 
I don't know. 
Or three movement tokens. 
We set that up actually 
because there was move, gather, hunt, and build as actions you could take in five. That means I'm guessing as uh you could do five things for your turn and then it's over. But it seems like a lot though. 
Yeah. Well, I think it might be simpler if we just have every mele can do 
these, you know, four either one of these four things or all of these four things in that sequence. 
Okay. So, all or one? That's the first question. 
Let's do all for now. I think that that makes sense to me. 
Okay. So, I've moved And there's nothing behind it. Oh no. 
So it's for just empty space then. 
It's just empty. Yeah. 
Okay. So baron land. Do I have to like I took it out like this. Is that fine or I leave it as that? 
Uh we could just leave it as as it is. 
So I've moved. I cannot gather because there's nothing I cannot hunt and I cannot build. So that's over for me. 
Okay. Oh, I wonder if uh you know what might be interesting? I This is kind of going back on what I just said, but 
instead of they do one of each, they 
Yeah, they have the four They have four things they can do that can be 
spent however 
they wish, right? Okay. So, I can move three times if I want, for example. 
Yeah. 
Okay. And I guess uh sorry, I think maybe to add a re re remove tile or something or discover or something. Not discover, but for me to remove a tile to see what's under it. Is is that a thing? Or once I move on it, it automatically tells me what it is. 
That seems simpler to me. 
Yes. Okay. All right. Cool. So, I have to choose I can say I move one, one, two. No, sorry. I moved one and I tried to discover there was nothing under. So I move again. That's my second move. 
And I land on empty space. Damn, some baron lands there. 
Okay, so I move a third time because well, third time's a charm. And I stop there and still nothing. God damn. Okay, it's your turn. 
Okay, so then your you were not able to gather anything. 
No. 
So, our the population like scanner thing sets in and uh 
and I don't resources. So, at the end of the round I die maybe. 
Yeah. I think 
that's kind of fun. It It does have a bit of a excitement. It like just starts off sort of exciting. 
Exactly. You go out on forage. You're like, "Oh s***, nothing. I'm dead." All right, cool. Start again. 
But you get a new uh um get a new mele. 
Yes. The next round. 
Okay. Uh I guess I will also um move here. I think this one is also empty. And then I'll move up one more. So I have I've taken up two actions. 
Okay. So I have wood. 
Oh, nice. 
Um so I could choose to gather it. So I'll gather a resource. 
Okay. 
So I have one wood, but I'm going to die cuz there was No food except remove this guy at the end of my turn. But I did give myself a resource. I think it's going to 
Yeah, it's good. 
You can hold it down for the next one. You gathered some resources for future generation, 
right? 
So change that to to two. 
Yeah. Oh, and then um 
Okay. So I'm dead. 
Then up here, here, and here, right? 
Yes. 
So Maybe let's maybe we will just delete them. Um so we know that you 
Oh. Yeah. Aha. Thank you. 
These will be Wait, why can't I click that? 
Well, I guess we'll Yeah. I'm not sure why I can't click it, but Oh, yeah. You got it. 
There you go. 
Okay. And now it's your turn. 
Okay. So, I regenerate. Um I don't have any resources. Damn. Oh, no. Don't worry. I say, can you use the resource you have to move an extra thing? Like you waste the resource to to go further. 
I like that. 
That's kind of cool. Now, the resource helps you to go a step further if you can. Okay, so I go one. 
I don't think there's anything here. Damn it. Two. Uh, I'm behind. f***. Um, I have to put all these at the the the back, right? Send. Send to back. s***. Oh, f***. 
Okay. So, you have a 
Where's my guy? Okay, he's here. Why? Ah, my guy bring to front. Yes. Okay, cool. It's better now. So, I come here and boom. s***. I got the wolf. So, I have to roll the dice, right? I choose to hunt. 
Dice. 
It's the the what? The six. to something dice 16. 
Ah, you win. 
You win three resources. 
Okay, good. 
So, I kill this guy, right? 
I win the battle. Oh, lovely. Okay, so I win three. Oh, this was to me. 
Oh, yeah. Sorry. 
So, three resources for me. All right, cool. And that's just two actions that I did, right? I have a third one. 
Yeah. 
Um Um, third action. Uh, can I not do an action? I can say I'm done or I have to do all three. 
I think you could probably not act. 
Okay. Um, I'm done. 
Okay. 
So, I need to actually grab your people cuz I actually deleted mine color. So yours um your mele though still dies because uh you had resources but not food 
or are we treating the food and resources as the same? 
Right. That's true. Um 
good. I think that would be fine. I just uh 
so it's a it's one for all and it's it prevents uh too much complication on our part. 
Mhm. 
Okay. So resources can be food or can be pray or whatever. Just things that we need to be able to advance in life. All right. 
The other thing we could do is keep the resources and prey 
a metric that we're keeping. 
But the win condition for the for fighting a predator is that you get two food and one 
Okay, good. So instead of prey, we we write that as food. 
Yeah, I think that's more intuitive. Yeah, I feel you. So, two food and one resource then. So, the resources from the uh wolf will be like the pelt and the all that s***. So, that's cool. All right. 
Cool. All right. So, then I'm going to So, my guy spawned here. 
Yeah. 
Move one, move two. 
See? Oh, it's Baron land. 
Back here as my final move. 
Yeah. 
Okay. Uh, so I die still, but I at least know where things are, so that's good. 
So yeah, so he tells the the other generation these these are the areas to go to. 
Legend. Legend. 
He writes it down in stone, guys. That's the area to go to. All right, cool. So here I the round has ended. I use one food cuz I'm one guy and I automatically spawn a second, right? 
Yes. 
Okay. All right. So, now I have two people that I have and I only have one food. s***. Um, one. So, I move. This place seems tricky. It doesn't look like there's anything. So, I'll bring this guy. One, two. And then I hunt for prey. And that it's the smaller dice, right? 
Uh yeah, that's I think so. Or did we 
That was a three to something was good and then 
I don't I can't remember what it was, but it was something about 
I don't know if we actually rolled for for hunting prey. 
I guess in case the prey ran away or some s***. You know, we weren't that great at hunting, but we could um 
It seems good idea though to 
increase our chances of catching by adding resources to it. You know, there was that 
right 
the number to to to what's it called to I think was three and above or the lower one. I can't remember. It was one of the two or something tricky like that. And you could add a resource to increase your chances of of winning the prey. So there was the cap of I guess three to six and if you got two you could add a resource and have three and thus you you uh yeah so it is I uh sorry I was I can't remember exactly what the uh what the numbers wereized um 3 to six. Well, can just try with that. Or the other way around, the lower number. One to one to two is you win and 3 to six is you you lose or 4 to six is to win the the the prey prey caught. 
Okay. 
Um but that's I'm guessing it be easy. 3 to six. Maybe four to six. 
Four to six sounds good. Yeah. 
Um and Oh, wait. Yes. Yes. This was we we linked it to the same 10 to No, no, sorry. Don't don't mind me. So, successful catch was 4 to six. Then no catch was um was what? Oh s***, I can't remember. Was it the same dice throughout? 
I don't remember 
because I think the same dice would be easier. No, instead of having two different dice to use. 
Yeah. What if we just do something really simple where it's like above 10 is a success and below 10 is not? 
All right, let's go with that then. So 10 to Yes, above 10. 10 to 15. Oh, 10 to 20. 
Yeah. 10 to 20 is success. 
And then below nine, no catch. Or below 10. 
Yeah. And then for the predator encounter, though, I still like the idea of having it be 15 and above, you win food and resources. 
Uh 15 10 to 15, you survive, but you lose some resources. But below 9, your mele dies. 
Exactly. Okay. 
Okay. Uh, 
and there was the mele dies, but you can pay two resources to escape. There was that. Well, that's too complicated. That here, this point here. 
Well, yeah, maybe what instead of paying two resources, you just 10 to 15 will just basically make that decision for you and you pay resources. 
Lovely. And if If you don't, then you automatically die. 
Yeah. If you don't have the resources. 
Okay. 
All right. Cool. 
Okay, cool. And then uh so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. So, I'm going to delete this box here because 
it's in there. 
I'm going to delete this one, too. 
So, there we go. All right. Now, we should be organized. 
So, we roll another 
Oh, I guess you can't reroll them. Have to go to the thing again. 
Okay. So, at 12. So, you did catch. 
Nice. You did. 
And so, uh, this guy equates to what? Uh, one resource, one food, 
I think. So, yeah. 
Okay. So, I have one food again. So, that's two, so my guys can survive. Yippee. Um, and that was the end of my turn, right? 
Yeah. 
Yes. All right. Cool. 
I keep deleting my I got to stop doing that. Okay, 
let's keep uh always on this port spot here. I'll put those two. All right, there you go. So, these are are safe just in case. Cool. All right, so I'm going to move one, two, and three, and let's find out. Okay, 
nice. 
Uh, well, I'm out of turns. 
But at least I know where some more prey are. So that's the end of my turn. 
Okay. Oh, there was also these event things though that we didn't because there was now the action of the environment itself doing things. 
Oh yeah, 
there was a shift function for me was shift function down. Archaeological find. Discover historical artifacts in one of the forest tiles. The player who explores this tile gains five the source token immediately but must spend. What does that I don't know what that means. 
Uh s***. I removed this one. 
Yeah, I like these. But I guess we would have to want we'd have to uh trigger it. 
We'd have to like put it along with the resources and prey, I think. 
Exactly. 
Um but the actual prey because the prey need have a a move. 
Exactly. There was the if you add three on the three together, they would uh create uh if there are two, they create a third, no, that moves somewhere else 
or or stays on the same tile. 
And this only happens when we reveal tiles, I guess, because we can't know. 
I mean, in a board game, we couldn't we wouldn't know what's under it. But I guess as a um the the online version, then it would happen in the dark kind of and and that way sometimes we might not know what's going on and we'll find out that there was just this high influx of prey and predator movement, you know. 
Yeah. 
Any Okay, let's 
Oh, I Oh, I was just going to say I think um only only having to do the things for the revealed resources/ prey predators is the right choice in this case for game. 
Exactly. 
So that's two um phase phase of game two or more prey um multiplies by one or add one on revealed spot. Add one max three prey on a tile. Okay. So, the prey moves then I guess if there three. So, this one moves here. Boom. Yeah. Okay. 
You die again. Yeah, 
my two food goes to zero now and I add a third person. 
Okay. Yeah. So, this is you're at the point that we anticipated would happen where you're in a precarious spot because of earlier success. 
Exactly. Okay. Your turn. This is third round now. 
Yeah. Uh I think it's your turn. 
Oh, yes, that's true. Okay, so s***. Yeah, this is going to be tough now. And this is all the way over here. I can't make I have one, two, three, four. If I spend my resource, but it's too far away. So, I'll try one here and I check. Damn. Okay, 
I have one and I would pick two resources from here. Um or each resource I pick it's a it's a point I'm spending right. 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
Or I'm not sure actually. I don't know what would be 
any anything. Okay. Let's say I pick two. So I have resources goes up to three. And with these resources, I'm going to um move one, two, three. So, I spend one extra two extra actually. One, two, three. I spend two more of that. And I try to hunt Okay. Uh, here you go. Oh, it's the same score you got before, I think. 
Yeah. 
I win one then. Just one. That's so sad. So, 
it's kind of sad. 
I save one guy. Oh, although I have one more resource. I hunt again. I hunt again with this resource. 
Okay, I'll put another diet. God damn. So, I lost resources and I didn't even get anything. So sad. 
Well, at least have one food. 
So, two guys are going off, man. They're dead, though. 
Okay, it's your turn. 
Okay. Uh, so then I Yeah, I have a meatball. here. So I guess uh if I can one, two, three. 
Mhm. 
I will I guess. 
Yeah, I guess I'll try 
resource as well to try. 
I'll try for a prey, which is interesting. This is not something that I we really thought through 
this. Okay, I got a rabbit. 
And now these rabbits aren't going to be able to It's I've overexploited this tile, 
but I mean, yeah, I kind of want to see what happens if I do that. Um, like the especially like the interplayer dynamic. 
Exactly. 
So, now it's the uh And I don't have any other things to do. 
No, 
I would otherwise what I would do is I would um like strategically I was thinking like could I build a settlement here so that I can Yeah, 
it's just rabbit. But then that depends on whether you uh survive. Like the thing we had is if you have too little food, the ones further away the the furthest away from the settlements are the ones that are removed first. 
Yes. 
Uh but um Yeah. Or or do you think 
would you be able to just choose? 
Yeah, maybe. I think choosing would be nicer because You might have put yourself in a strategic position and so he would eat the food and the others would die. 
Okay, I think that's the end of my turn. And I So my food goes down to zero though because 
both our food goes down. Yeah, 
this guy. Okay, so that's it for me. Oh, and now it's the board's turn. 
Yeah, 
but it doesn't do anything cuz there's no 
Yeah. And the the Do we say that the wood and stuff has it? increase or we just leave it as that. It's like a 
finite amount. You you it doesn't regenerate. 
I think it should regenerate. I It should regenerate. Oops. It should regenerate uh one per turn. 
Yeah. And the maximum on each is three then. So it's easier for us to to follow. It doesn't go to four and to five. And the maximum capacity is three, right? 
Yeah. 
Yeah. That clicking when you click on the group, it reveals all of the Did you see? Oh, okay. 
I didn't see that. No, 
when you click If you like try to up the number and you click the text, it it reveals every piece. 
Oh, s***. 
So, I know where the rabbits are. 
You know where the s***. Damn it. Oh, but now 
this is actually the last round, right? 
Yes. 
Okay. 
So, I die. Uh, these two die and and yours is still alive. So we're back at one one and one. 
Okay. 
Okay. And so the round we we stop here. That's been five rounds total. 
Uh yeah, I think you're right. 
So 
So we did survive. 
Mhm. 
Uh our It was interesting that you know I mean I think now we can phase into like the thoughts of what just happened. 
Yes. 
Uh and to be honest, I actually I thought that was fun. 
I think difficulty is actually really nice. 
Yes. 
Like it it's not an easy start. 
No, not at all. 
I like that. Um I you saw with your plays for whatever reason or for because of locality I think my my turn was just sending people out of the void. But you definitely experienced that 
a bit more 
boom and bust pattern that we thought would happen. 
Exactly. 
Sorry. Go ahead, 
sir. Please, you asked the question. 
Yeah, I I'm just curious. What was that like? What are your thoughts on that experience of like having this, you know, bloom of population? Like was it fun or did it feel frustrating or 
I mean it was nice initially like okay I'm actually doing something. I'm have three guys out. But in terms of coordinating three people with the same uh constraint of only three movements to to sort of say, okay, with these three movements, do I use just one to to try and do the gathering and the the others stay for me? And and how finally with all the stuff I invested in doing, I I still wound up with one population member and no food and no resources after five rounds. It's kind of like, god damn, that's 
that's some gangster s***, you know? 
What if each mele gets three actions instead of three across all of them? 
I think that'd be very easy. 
It'd be too easy. 
Yes, I think you would. I mean, we can do we can do a replay and have that in check and see what happens. Huh? See see if that that might work. So, let me write that down as a possible uh uh thing. So each mele three actions. 
We could also do a thing where it's like you have three baseline. 
Yeah. 
But mele you have on the board gives you one extra above the 
so that way it's not it's a bit of a compromise where 
of an advantage to having a larger population because you can do more. 
Yes. 
Um but it's not a complete success to the successful Yeah. Fast. 
Okay. I like that. So the one of the first optional things we can try is each mele adds one more action. I think that's cool. 
Yeah, I like that too. 
There were things that I saw that could help in collaboration wise was uh sharing for example I can give you some resources for you to maybe increase your chances of catching more uh prey and then you giving me some of your spoils and that way we can both survive for a turn. So that's something that people can uh one of the rules they can add that was not explicitly said and there we can share either resources to help you go further or share food so that we can last longer and that's that's a a thing that can be exploited as well. 
Yeah, I really like that. I think that would be that would be super fun. M 
let's uh maybe next round 
we're more cooperative. See what happens. 
All right. 
Yeah. 
So, do we stuck? I I think we need to have like a board like multiple 
baseline boards so that we can reput the the rabbits that we we've consumed and everything and it will be easier for us to to redo. 
Yeah, agreed. There should be like a um Additionally, 
Mhm. 
I'm going to make uh this this frame here. 
Yeah. 
I'm going to just keep track of our thoughts per round. 
Okay. Lovely. 
Yeah, this is great. I I already feel like uh there's some good energy. 
Yeah, we're we're advancing towards something. I think that's was nice, you know. 
Okay, cool. So, uh or round one, test round one. And then this will be here. And then we our takeaways were that we want to have each mele adds a new option. We wanted to have ability um ability to share resources 
or food 
with other players on your turn. And then what would be fun also is that if you do that like you could give me resources 
and have an agreement 
and I can betray it completely. 
Yeah. Which would be Yeah. Okay. That's pretty fun though. 
Okay. So that's the only rule though is the only thing explicit is that you can share them. 
Oh, we don't even say that. It's people to to to say, "Look, okay, we just played five rounds and we lost. We're still on one. What could we do differently. And so we're waiting for them to say, "Oh, can we 
share resources maybe?" And that's the first step of adding a rule that we know exists, but we don't say it explicitly because it's not written that you cannot share resources. Thus, we want people to like think about it and say, "How can we move forward? What are the ways to to to win or to advance?" And so they proposed this as a possibility. 
Yeah. 
Yeah. I like it. So, I'm going to tag it as a revealing rule. 
Lovely. 
And then I'm going to say um well, this was maybe a rule we want to like a standard rule. 
Yes. A standard rule in the game. Yeah. 
Okay. Um and then we did just want to make that we did five rounds. Um Okay, great. So, So then you want to do another round. 
Yeah, let's create recreate the the board. 
There's be nice to have a more streamlined way to do that. 
Yeah. 
Uh I don't know if that will be possible. 
At least it's not yet. Um 
I guess What we can do is check around a little bit. 
Yeah. 
Okay. We can leave there. That's the ocean tile. 
Uh well, okay. 
Let's just kind of 
let's see. So, these are the things that are present. Um need to create more tiles around that. Oh, where the house was? There was a s*** ton of stuff going on. God damn. 
Yeah, right. That's the other. It's like, should the house get an instant reveal? 
Wait, is this what I did? Oh, I did this. Yeah. Okay, so that's actually interesting. Should the house have an instant reveal or not? Maybe not. Huh? You you you kind of place the house there and you block a potential gold mine or maybe not. Maybe not. That would be too hard. Why is I don't know why I can't select certain squares and they're not locked either. 
No, that's 
it's or it's grouped with this. I'm really confused. Here we go. G. 
Is it working? 
No, it's not working. For some reason, it decided to maybe um just to make things easier. and faster to iterate. I'm just going to make a new board. 
Yes. Okay. 
Oh, you're Oh, I didn't realize we're doing that already. 
So, I'll remove it from here, though. But I was just trying to 
repopulate a quick board. Um, here, here. Which other square is necessary? 
I can't remember how a board was made before. There was also this, this, this, this, this. Okay. All right. Cool. We have these guys that can come off. Oh, there's nothing under them. Okay. Baron lands. There is. Okay. So, So yeah, the other thing that I might do is so I'll make this standard shape. 
Yeah. 
And uh so the way we can make new boards quickly. 
Oh, great. 
Is that we have these two things here and we'll keep it I'll just keep this shape for most of our testing for now. 
Yeah, that's great. 
And then we since the we don't have any reason to make them a different color 
at this point cuz all kind of the same. One will be green, one will be um gray. 
Yeah. 
And then um when we want to make a new board, we'll just copy it, put all the resources on it, and then move this over. And then we we can do is rotate it. 
Ah, great. 
You or I will know that what's unless have a photographic memory. But I 
So that means this board I have here is not complete cuz this is a it's a I'm guessing it's a what? 16 square. Do I need extra stuff here? One, two, three, four. Okay, so this goes to five. Um, just to be sure, we have one, two, three, four, five. Four, three. Okay. So, three, four, five, four, and three again. So, I have to remove this one and I have to remove this one. s***. What am I doing? Is that correct? Yes. And these two as well are not there anymore. Is this right? This one here. 
That looks right. 
Yeah. Okay. 
Three. Three. Yeah. So, there's three. It's like a There's three uh tiles for each side of the shape. 
Okay, cool. All righty. And then we have all the basic amenities. Um we're I think we already had that somewhere, so I don't know why I'm remaking them, but okay. So, I take this and I pop it back here on the main uh testing field. Okay, let me do that. s***. Delete. And I take this. Pop it here. Boom. So, we need a cover for this now. 
Oh, yeah. Uh, yeah. You can grab that. That should cover everything. 
Yes. Should 
Oh. Uh. dimension wise. 
Yeah, that's the thing. We'll have to use a clone. 
Okay. So, let's use Yeah, let's use that one that you already clone then. 
Um I'll remove all these shapes under it some. And then you can carry and put that under. Tell me, tell me before I do something stupid. Talk to me. that I was thinking of which is uh well um that the wood shouldn't have a number under it. It should just be you know just like the prey. 
Yeah. 
Just a thing. But it wasn't that important of a of a thought. I just thought that would be better. But I'll let me let's see if we can uh send bring to front. Okay, cool. So yeah, let's uh let's together fill in these tiles, the green ones. this green. 
So, put some wood on here. I'll make that one a wood heavy one. Make this one tray heavy. Put a put that there. Another thing we could do, by the way, 
um Oh, wait. Shoot. It flew out of my mind as soon as I said that that sentence. Um, I'm sorry. I forgot. 
No problem. 
Okay. 
Uh, oh, that's was we can make these ahead of time. If the rotation thing doesn't work. 
Mhm. 
We can make that time. Uh, and uh then we will just forget naturally. Uh, then we'll just grab them when we need them. 
Okay. 
All right. Do you think that should be enough resources or is that too many? 
That's That's cool. We have some that have double double wood things right on it. Okay, cool. Yes, that makes sense. 
All right. And then So, 
so let me remove this one. I was making one on the main board, actually. So, it's okay. I think that one that you have is cool. 
Oh, oops. Oops. 
Because it's nice with the the wood as individual pieces. I think that's uh that's much nicer. 
So bring it down 
to the middle area. 
Also, look at this style. Um I mean the the stylishness of them just being kind of over. 
Yeah, it has a nice raised effect going on. 
Yeah. 
So you copied Have you copied the first one though? Like uh um so that we can already have copies and then so you can flip and rotate that I mean you can turn them around after for the next iteration. So like uh like this. I was going to turn this one around. 
Yeah, great. Exactly. 
And then immediately click off of it so we can't Oh, wait. But now actually there's too many signifiers. If I do uh I see what's the problem. Well, actually, this is probably fine. Let's just use this one and see if it 
Okay, let's go with that one. 
All right. 
All right. Cool. 
We can go more sophisticated thing, but I think 
it does what it needs to do. 
All right. I'm going to put my house here. 
Okay. 
I have to make sure the houses and the maples are to front. Okay, cool. So, that's where your house is. I shall pop my house here. 
Okay. 
All right. So, you can start first. 
All right. Uh, okay. So, I have people and I have three things I can do because it's base. Uh, so I'll move here. 
Mhm. and reveal. There's nothing. 
Damn. 
Okay, there's a rabbit. 
One rabbit. 
So, I'm my last action to hunt it. 
Okay, 
here's my roll. 
s***. 
And I didn't get it. So, the end. All right. 
Oh, but you can still wait though. You could still wait because if I do get something, maybe I can share with you or something. So before you remove your guy completely, there's still a chance. 
Chance 
if you ask nicely. All right. So I shall move just right next to my house. I check what's under it. And Oh s***. Come on. Oh man. Come on. Why? It's the second time. 
Here we go. 
All right. eight. Uh, 
I die. Well, lovely. 
So, we're both dead. Uh, this rabbit doesn't do anything cuz it's just one, right? 
Yeah, that's right. 
Does it move somewhere or it just stays there? It doesn't go anywhere. 
I feel like it can just stay there. 
Yeah. Okay. 
All right. So, I'll uh I think I'm going to move towards the rabbit, but try and reveal something here. Oh, so there's wood. 
That's great. But I I'm going to still move there and try to hunt that rabbit. Again, 
I said you want to take one wood, try to hunt, and if you if you have um just below the number, you can add that to to you know, 
that's Wait, I'll do that. So, 
going to grab the wood. 
Great. 
And I'm just going to keep it down. here cuz this will be nice. 
Um, now that it's just per token. All right. So, I'll try to hunt. 
Okay. 
Hey, so I I got the rap. 
See, rabbit and wood. So, that's cool, though. 
Yeah. 
Uh 
Oh, yeah. I swear it makes so much sense as one and one because you can just sort of remove the rabbit you've eaten and Keep the wood. It make it's a lot easier, I think. 
Instead of writing it down. 
Agreed. 
Lovely. Okay, so it's my turn now. Um, so I know there's the fox over there. Um, but I mean, do I try to to fight the fox again? No, probably not. I don't think it would help my life. So, I'll move here. And I search under this. Oh, lovely. Nice. 
The rabbit jackpot. So, I'm going to go for two. I'm going to try twice 
to hunt. 
Oh, sorry. 
Do I have the option to do the the dice roll myself? 
You should. It should be uh you're I'm sharing my screen so I can just show you what I'm doing here. So, on the sidebar in Miro Yeah, 
I have this dice widget thing 
which I found in the tools media and integration. I think it's just called dice. 
Dice. Okay. 
And then I uh Yeah. And open that. And then but it's it's a really weird uh you have to like drag it onto the board for it to actually roll. 
Um just so you know that I took me a while to figure out that's how. 
But my dice doesn't pop up here actually. It says it doesn't show up. 
No, it says find more tools in marketplace. Let me look for dice there. 
Okay, I've seen it. Dice roll. Uh, okay. And how do I add this connect? Cool. Oh s***, it said fail to retrieve account. I think it's something has to do with the owner of the account. So I I don't think I have possibility to do that. Okay, so seven. So I lose. in. What the hell? Okay, so I try a second time cuz my guy is hungry. Come on. Oh, come on. Come on. Do you be uh we should uh not It shouldn't be 50/50. It should be like you only lose if it's uh five to zero or five to one. I think he's fine. I mean, the other times I I was able to win it and so 
I guess my guy isn't skilled enough, so he's going to die. All right, so around 
here. There were three. 
Yes, there were three here, but they don't move anywhere then. But the the wolf moves there. 
Yeah, we could have I think the wolf should move there one time. And then the it's okay to have them on top, I think, of the gray ones. 
Okay. 
So, we know there's something going on here. Uh, we just don't know what else is on that tile. 
Yeah. Okay. And so, the wolf moving there, does that mean it eats it automatically or he would eat it on the next round? 
Uh, I don't know. What if the wolf doesn't actually affect the number of rabbits? We just assume that since it's a natural system, it's going to be in uh it's going to balance itself or is that not dynamic enough for this? 
I mean, that would also mean we need to lower the wolf populations, for example. That would that would put a a spin on, okay, we need to gather enough resources so that we can fight the wolves effectively before they take out all our food. 
I mean, that's that's a thought process, but I don't know how important that would be. 
I wonder if that's the thing is it it might be complex for people to be 
thinking about that the whole time. 
Well, okay. So, the wolf moves there and it's it stays there then. 
But that means that you can't get any of this prey until you win the battle. 
Exactly. 
Which I think enough of a deterrent to make it interesting. 
That's true. I like it. Okay, sweet. And uh 
so I die again and you have to lose one one food source. 
Oh yeah, 
I'll take that out. I'll put this down here for now. Uh okay. So I have a mele. So yeah, let's see. I'm going to move up this way and explore with one of Oh, I have four actions now. 
Yeah, 
great. So ah okay, so I have an encounter with a wolf which takes one of my actions. So, regard regardless of what happens with the wolf, I will have two actions left afterwards and one and here's the other. Okay. Um, so let's drag the die. Okay. So, I die, 
right? 
Yes. 
Yeah. Okay. Dead. These will actually kind of problem, which is cool. 
Yeah, they're hardcore. I have two more. Uh, okay. So, I'm gonna I think No, that wouldn't make sense. I can move and Yeah, I need food more than anything. So, Oh my god. All right. So, another fight with a wolf. But if I win 
that it was two food in. That's a pretty 
Mhm. 
that's big payoff. 
Yeah. 
Uh and then Okay. Wow. That's So I can survive. Well, yeah. All right. That's And then this disappears. 
Yeah. 
Nice. 
Maybe I'll bet with me as a as a trophy. 
The wolf head. 
All right. Cool. Um so it's my turn. I re spawn. Um, let's see. I don't know what's under here. I know there's a potential rabbit, so that's interesting for me. But at the same time, I don't know if I would face some consequences. All right, I go one, two, and I see what's under it. What's that? Oh, two rabbits. Lovely. 
This will be revealed if you pass over it. 
Oh, yeah. 
Did you mean to do that? 
Uh, tend not to do that. 
Maybe not. I'm thinking this keeps a little bit of uncertainty in the sense that you can um Ah, okay. I see what you mean. Landing there first and going would automatically reveal it. Yes. Okay. Is that is that a good strategy? It means that the board opens a lot faster in that sense then. 
Yeah. Let's let's try it if it it feels too fast or 
because that means if I go there automatically believe there was a wolf. Wouldn't I have to encounter it, you know? 
Yeah. Okay, maybe let's try it without it then. 
This is me just I'm not trying to explore. I'm just trying to pass through, you know. 
That almost makes me wonder if you could use the inbetweens in between the tiles. 
Ah, this makes any sense. But 
you can block faster, but you don't explore anything. thing. 
Exactly. 
Yeah, 
cuz it would only take you one to get here. 
That's interesting. 
That's actually quite interesting. 
It's like a optional um like a rule that people can make as well, you know, a revealing rule. Instead of always landing on the tile, we can go through the go through the cracks. uh going to write these down. So the standard is you can like we know we want to be able to pass over a tile without revealing 
and maybe as a revealing rule pass through or pass over the the non-tile or like the 
the space between the tiles. 
Yeah. Replaying rule pass through space between cuz that saves you an action. One action less, I guess. 
Yeah, 
that's that's that's kind of cool. 
It is kind of cool. There's something to that. But anyway, let's 
let's keep up this uh 
All right, so I land here after two turns and I try to hunt. Oh, this is the new round, right? 
Uh no, it's just the end of my of this turn. Okay. I was I was wondering if you had spawned a new person. No, the person died with the wolf. 
Yeah, that's right. 
All right, cool. So, please could I get a dice? 
Ah, yes. Here we go. 
I'm so unlucky, though. 
This was 
It's fine. Oh, yes, it's fine. Okay. 
All right. So, I have my my I have one rabbit and I have uh I'm done with all my actions, right? Yes, I believe so. 
But I mean, if you could give me one resource, I could explore for you a bit, you know? 
Uh yeah. Okay, I'll give you a resource to explore. 
So, I use that to explore. So, it goes out and I go Where do you think I should go? 
Uh go right here cuz it's equally accessible. Yeah. 
Okay. So, I hop on that one. Oh. My god. A man. All right. 
So, I have to 
Well, wait. Do you have an action? No, that was your only action. 
Yes. 
Uh 
because this is like an um what's it called? Uh not optional. It's obligatory. No. If you have a wolf, you need to fight it or 
you Yeah. Makes or you wait until the next turn if you're if you have enough food to survive, which you do. Yes. And then the wolf on the next turn, 
then you still have to battle it. God damn. 
Yeah, I I kind of like that actually instead of it happening on that turn 
immediately. Okay. 
So, let me let me write that down. Uh so, battles with wolves Uh what this standard rule standard rule battle with wolves uh occurs um as action not I mean it's obligatory but it it it takes it an action like normal it doesn't have its own sort of action space. 
Okay. It will be interesting to see if it's something that is has to happen or it takes an action to happen because that's that's also an interesting dynamic. What does one or the other mean in terms of how things would you know it's like even if you had uh enough food and resources to last but you fought the wolf and you had to die immediately then your food and resources do they go with you? or they stay for the next person that comes in or you know I mean the other things I started to think about if it's automatically when you land you have to battle the wolf what does that mean for the resources you might have gathered before 
uh yeah 
or if you say you have to wait and then do it. So you either die of starvation um or if you don't die of starvation you still face the challenge of having to kill a wolf on the next round. That's That's so brutal though. But I like it. Let's go with that for now. 
Okay. I think Yeah, it might be fun. Uh, so the board then has another rabbit which will go here. 
I think they should try and 
they should try to flow until it overflows to the same. 
Yeah. 
And but what about the wolf then? Do they multiply? 
Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. If there's If there's a three prey and one wolf for a turn, maybe it multiplies. 
Then the wolf would would come more wolves 
and they follow the rabbit. Okay. 
Exactly. And so you have this intense pressure now to kill these wolves, 
which will be a lot more incentivizing for collaboration, I guess. 
Exactly. Give me some resources to increase our chances of killing the wolves because it's looking like a hell of a task right now. Yeah. Uh, equals new wolf. I'm just going to write it like this. It's a little more. Uh, 
no problem. 
Nice. And then wolf moves to where Well, it's a new wolf and a new rabbit. 
Exactly. 
New rabbit. Wolf moves to where rabbit goes. Oh, and then one last thing which is uh new rabbits go uh go where other rabbits are 
exactly 
having their little rabbit colony or the hive or the whatever rabbit s*** flock. No, I don't know. 
A Warren. A rabbit. 
Warren. Yeah. 
Um, okay. 
So, 
now foodwise, I have run. I've eaten my food to survive. And you would also consume one food, I guess, for your guy. 
Oh, yeah. Oh, one other thing I was thinking about. 
This might I think this probably would be too much, but if we wanted to do the thing where the wolves Oh no. Uh, never mind. Let Let's not worry about that. 
Okay. 
Uh, okay. So, I think it's my turn. So, I've got this guy here. I've got a new meatball. I need food. 
M I'm very nicely placed for food, though, you know. 
It's just that the wolves are the main problem now. So, maybe exploration is better 
to see first. 
Yeah. 
Oh, we forgot. Yeah. I think there's a lot of things that we're forgetting in terms of like the wood for example should increase a number or not. So I think that's 
right that we didn't forget that and that would 
here and I guess three would I think it's just easy to think of it as like three and three. 
Yes, always. 
Um okay. So what was I going to do? I think what I might do is explore Okay, 
so I'll explore here first. Oh my god, so much wood. I really need food. 
Yes, we have two people. 
Baron land. You have two more actions. 
Two turns left. Okay, 
well, I can maybe save myself once. So, here's my roll. Hey. 
Oh, wait. I had one left over. Oh, nice. 
So, you saved the two. 
Oh, I even had a resource. So, maybe I'll spend 
one more 
one more resource. Yeah. 
To open exploration or 
Yeah, I'll I'll explore this this one here. That way I know more. I can have more strategy. Okay. 
Oh, thanks. Now I can even help for myself as well. 
Yeah. 
All right. Yes. 
So now I have to battle my damn wolf. 
So one action lost to battle. 
Okay, I'll drag one. Uh drag it on. 
Come on. Come on. No. Well, 
death. Damn. 
Is that a full loss or is that a 10 to No, you just lose a resour. 
But I don't have a resource, so I die. Or can you? No, you've also used your resource. So, I still die. Nice. And now I have just two moves left. Wow, that's punishing though. That's nice. I think it's great. It's very punishing cuz now I have just two. So, I'll I'll try and move here and Oh, lovely. Okay. And my last action, I would try for 
a rabbit. 
Yeah, please. Wow. Oh man, 
what sad luck, man. What the hell? 
You used all of your luck for the first time. You killed the bull. 
All right. Uh, 
okay. So, I think there's something that is making it too punishing first. 
I think we should start with some resources in hand. 
Okay. 
This way, we can possibly um, you know, at least try to win food. by adding our resources to increase our chances because not having at all it's like 
yeah 
you know 
how three resources we start with three 
yeah three resources in hand maybe 
okay 
and this is very interesting it's like people can actually this is a another rule that I think is quite interesting like a revealing rule I'm really making up s*** but with the three resources in your hand, you know, like a baron land. You can place them there for actions and they grow. 
I really love that idea. Yeah. So, 
you know, so you can create your own mini forest going around you and it helps to make sure you keep gathering resources to be able to do more s*** later on. Basically, what you could do is place some is place a resource and then it and it grows. 
It keeps growing. Exactly. 
I think that's so cool though. You start to think about survival in multiple ways, you know, like, oh s***, okay, I could do this and increase my chances as well, you know? 
How would we Well, you just thought of it, but like a player, how would we hint at that as a possibility? 
Oh, it's something they they might have to think about because just thought about it looking at it. I'm like, hm, this place is barren. I mean, if I'm on this spot, I could for an action place a resource. So, it's like a seed kind of. And so, instead of me taking, I can give and use that to grow around me. So, but it came from looking at it. So, I mean, if it comes to me like that, maybe it could come to somebody else. 
Yeah, you could do the same thing with rabbits, too, 
right? 
All right. This is This is good. I 
And now we're opening up some relationship dynamics that we're giving to the land so that they can produce more for us instead of just taking away. And that's a different 
mindset to have while you're playing the game. And it's something that you can after it was because I was losing in this punishing way that I was like look how can I help myself out this game as a possibility. 
Yeah. So like you could have a because once you establish lish a three rabbit square 
and you basically get free I mean more or less free food from that square 
consistent re like you can depend on it. 
Exactly. So make sure that I build a good ecosystem around where my house is 
to ensure that things happen you know. 
Yeah. 
But I see we haven't exploited the build um icon or the build action at yet. I guess we never I have enough resources to build elsewhere. 
Yeah. Oh, we What round are we on? Are we on round 
I think the fourth one or fifth one already? Yeah. 
Okay. Yeah. And you just died, right? That was 
Yes, I did. 
Oh, no. You just lost the rabbit, right? Or did you win the rabbit? 
Uh, did I win the rabbit? Did I? 
Oh, yes. Yes, I did. 
Right. No, no, no. I lost. Oh, and my guy is dead. 
Okay. 
No, that was my last last turn. Actually, 
I couldn't do anything after that. 
So, the board turn board's turn. 
Yeah. 
Got full resources here or full wood at least. 
The rap. 
Oh, yes. 
There's wolf. Oh, and a new rabbit. So, this rabbit goes here. This wolf goes here. Jeez, there are so many wolves. You're 
bad. Zuks. surrounded by walls. 
Yeah. 
Um, 
so I think I would have to maybe if I had resources, I'll try and build in another location cuz this is this is too dangerous. 
That's funny. And then this grows one by one. The rabbit there. And then this one 
goes to three. Then 
to three. Yeah. And then this wolf then must move 
there. Yeah. And now on your turn, you have to automatically battle the wolf. 
Okay. Uh, and this is my last 
That's That's actually funny. I think that's very cool. 
I thought it was going to be easy to get these three that get rabbits now, but because of the wolf, it's it's now like 
Okay. So 
So you respawn a third, 
but that puts you at six. Six. actions now. 
Six actions. Okay. So, maybe what I'll do if I can choose how I want to fight the wolf or 
Oh, sorry. Is it six or five? I'm not sure. Would it be six? 
Yeah. Each meuple adds one action. Okay. So, in general, you just So, it makes it easy math. I guess in your head you have three actions, but each mele that you have on the board adds an action on extra. Okay, makes sense. It's simple, I think, for my brain to capture. So, it's a good rule. Okay, 
so what I'm gonna do is move here. 
Okay, 
no, I I thought the the wolf takes precedence over everything. 
Okay, so I was thinking what I could do to fight. 
Tell me. Yes. Mhm. 
Resources to spend on succeeding. 
Ah, I feel you. 
What do you think about do you think the wolf should be president or she should be able to react to the wolf? And yes. So it's like an action is lost either way, but you decide when you want to take the action. 
Yeah. 
Yeah. Okay. I like that. 
Okay. Well, yeah. Let's let's give it a shot. So 
I grab 
Yeah. 
I spend and how many do I have to pay to 
I think each action is a resource gathered? 
Uh or how much do I have to pay to increase my chances against the wolf? 
I mean, it depends on what you end up with. So if you have a 14, then you might need two to get to a 16. 
Oh yeah, that's that's right. Okay. So I since I only need one to like if I lose and spend it, I could I can just replace the resource. 
Yes. 
Now I'm going to battle the wolf. 
Let's go. 
Okay. 
The resource. No. No. I died. 
No, you died. Yeah, that's between 10 and 15. 
Yeah, this is actually a tough game. 
Okay, so I have what? No, I don't lose the resource, though. I actually keep that. 
Yes, my 
Exactly. 
And so I'm at uh I have four four more moves. 
Mhm. 
Uh well, I do need food, so maybe I should just 
I mean, you still have two, so you for your two guys, it's fine. 
Oh, yeah. You're Right. So maybe I'll just spend I'll gather the Well, I'll gather one of the wood because I don't want over exploit. 
Uh and then I will 
Oh, you know what? 
Mhm. 
Interesting. I think it 
what? 
So I have three I think I have three left. 
What I want to do is go Oh. Oh man, this is tricky. I mean, it's my last move, so it doesn't really matter, but uh I want Yeah, now I want to start a farm close. 
Let's test it. Test the farm move. Let's see what happens. 
Okay, we'd have to keep playing though or we'd have to extend it if we want to do the farm because 
Yes. So, maybe what 10 or 15 rounds because I think the rounds go by very quickly actually. 
Yeah. Okay. So, we'll do Yeah. Let's do another round of five. 
So, I'm going to Well, I actually need another rabbit. 
Yes. To be able to farm. So, I think I'm going to risk it for the biscuit. 
I have two I have two turns. 
Yeah. 
Oh, no. 
So, one move and then one fight with the wolf. 
Yeah. 
All right. Hopefully. 
Come on. A damn. Okay, that's that's hardcore. But I will have an extra 
I died for the cause. That's cool. 
So, let's see. What do I do now? Um, well, I'll move here first. No wolf yet. And I'll pick one wood. I think it's key. And my last action, I'll fight for some food, please. 
Okay. 
You got to be kidding me, man. 
That is kind of crazy. 
That's some brutal s***. What's going on? 
Okay. Okay. Don't let my guy die, please. Wait, I have one more. One more action, right? One, two. Yes. Okay. No, I finished all my actions. Please give me food, please. All right. I uh 
feeling magnanimous. 
I think what we need to do is team up to kill the wolves. So 
I think if we have two meuples on the same square as a wolf, we our our success rate should go up. 
So we can add our numbers 
roll together. That's a that's a good idea. Okay. So I'll 
Nice. 
We'll do it. in an agreement where I'll give you one if you meet at this uh square next turn to kill the wolf. 
Sure. I mean 
otherwise I will send a wolf. Uh okay. 
Okay. The round ended. 
What was that? 
The round was finished, right? 
Your round. Yeah, your your turn just finished. 
So then I survived by eating You survive as well by eating. And then we add one more here. Um, but does the wolf generates then a new wolf? God zuks. 
Wolf moves over. Oh s***. 
Now I'm I'm a bit 
combining. Well, I could still I think I can still 
over Yeah. with the new guy. No, cuz it your turn is first. 
No, I think you you always went first. No. 
Oh, no. Yeah, you're right. You're right. 
Um, 
this is here. Wow. Like, actually, the wolf um wolf and rabbit dynamic is insane, though. 
Yeah, it's already kind of hardcore. And to think we were like trying to make it more 
Yeah, it's actually insane. This is uh this is good. I'm actually really pleased. A lot of the stuff we thought would happen. 
So 
So this two becomes this is three now, right? 
Uh I I think so. Yeah. 
I'm so I'm not totally sure. 
Okay. So I have four turns. 
So 
all right. So do you come over there as well? We attack this guy. together. 
Yeah. And we'll split the wind. 
Yeah. Plus, we also have to stop the spread. These rabbits are spreading too fast, which means the wolves are increasing at a really high rate. So, we need to also cut down the rabbits as well. 
So, okay, we'll split the food, but I will demand the resource for forwarding your survival. That one like for that. 
All right. All right. I agree. I agree. Brutal though. Damn. 
So then one and 
so this is your role. Okay. Yes. 10 and 12. 
Okay. Well, we definitely got it. So we both get food. We get one food 
each. Yeah. 
And then wolf disappears. 
All right. 
And and I get a resource. 
Yeah. 
Okay. That was good. That I think 
nice strategy. Yeah. 
Yeah. That's a good I I like also the fact there's only one resource, so you have to battle, you have to haggle a little bit. 
And there's a nice agreement. Yeah, you helped me before, I help you now. 
And like if there's if people disagree about, you know, the reciprocal nature of the agreement, 
it falls out then. Yeah. It's like, okay, I don't agree. Do what you got to do. I'll do what I got to do. 
Yep. Yep. All right. And then I think uh I have two more. 
Get a rabbit out of there. 
Well, Is that 
you do you want to try and get a rabbit from where you are now? 
Oh, yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. All right. I guess I will do that. Um 
or not. Is there another option that could be interesting? Cuz you have one food so and you have two people you need. 
Yeah, I'll definitely try to hunt. I was thinking of Oh, nice. 
Oh, lovely. 
One of us wins a a hunt. 
Nice. 
I like the may be too hard. 
The hunts are hard, right? 
Well, the rabbits are also tricky bastards. So, 
and the last thing I'm going to do is move 
here. It just kills wood. 
Okay. 
Uh, something I was thinking about is, uh, so collaborating with the wolf battles though, the issue is that Um, like if I move, if I wanted to collaborate, if we both wanted to collaborate with the wolf, right? 
Yeah. 
Um, we need a way for us to coordinate like with the standard rules for the players to get on the same tile. 
Yeah. 
Um, and so yeah, I guess the way that maybe that could happen is that the wolf attacks actually take They happen when the board is moving or when the board's turn basically happens. 
Okay. 
What do you think? 
I didn't really They happen when the board turn. How does What does that mean? Sorry. Um, 
so like uh instead like I'll just take Well, what's Okay. Yeah. So like if we wanted to attack this wolf together, right, 
we would both move or let me start with on your standard turn. 
Yeah, 
it onto this tile. 
Yeah, 
you wouldn't be able to get any prey until the had moved on. But the wolf wouldn't attack you. So there's action you could take, but the wolf wouldn't attack you 
until the board's turn 
because that way we could make it such that we both have a chance to get on the square together before the wolf attack happens. And that's how we'd be able to coordinate M 
like you just happened to be on that tile when the wolf moved onto it before your turn cuz I would have you would have had to fight it alone, right? 
I see what you mean. But I I have two people so I can do one move to the wolf and a second move would be with my other mele to do something else. So that way I can't move unless I attack. I can't leave the tile which means I can wait there for you. And on your turn, you meet me and then we 
Oh, I see. 
We back. 
So, you stay on a tile as long as you want. Um, 
as long as I have sufficient food to to keep me on in the game, 
but the like you won't if you choose not to battle the wolf, the wolf won't attack you automatically. 
Yeah. Like maybe I'm hiding, but it's only when I try to go for the rabbits that the wolf So, I can't get a rabbit. And I can't leave the tile because the wolf would smell me or see me. So I'm kind of like I'm stuck for now and I can choose to act on it. I don't know. But I see what you mean. So okay. Wait. So if we go with your logic, um the game's turn is if you're on a tile that there's a wolf, then the wolf would attack at that time, right? That's at the end. So when everyone has has uh played But that now becomes an extra action that is going to be taken. No. 
Yeah. I I think basically the the the way this rule makes sense in its simplest form is wolves do not attack you automatically. 
Okay. 
Choose to attack a wolf. 
Yes. 
Unless the only other way that this I think would work and we could still have wolves attack you autom automatically is that you can spend an action to hide from the wolf. 
Ah, okay. 
So, like in your case, you could wait for me to get to the tile, but you would have to spend an action waiting for me 
to do it. 
So, it wouldn't actually be really very it wouldn't you would have to put that into your calculus to figure out if you wanted if it was worth it 
to wait. Yes. 
And there would be a slight disadvantage of being the first one on the board of that tile. I mean, 
um, 
if you were coordinating. 
So, that would be how that would go down. And I I kind of like that cuz it it makes the wolf seem less passive and a little more dangerous. 
Yeah, it's a more aggressive dude. That's true. 
Let me see. In terms of explaining it as a rule for people to to grasp easily, Um, so there's there's that and I think that's that's nice. What about your the actions that you take are you have three actions to take during a round, which means that you can take one now and somebody else can take one as well. And then you can take your second action a bit later than than the first person that took the action. I don't know. Does Would that be confusing for people? 
Yeah, I think that I do actually think that would confuse like 
that would be confusing, right? 
But keeping track of who like how many moves you roll forward would you'd have to like have some kind of tracking mechanism for it. 
Yeah. Like you have three moves, but I chose to to sorry, I chose to take two now so that you could take two to where I am and then the last move we both spend on attacking the wolf together 
in in that sense. But the other way so what let me let me try and get what you said was that you had the the wolf will you spend okay so that becomes an extra thing so you can move gather hunt or hide 
and hide is also one one action then 
yeah right And maybe it Well, yeah, you can. Yeah, you can hide. And that way, yeah, it adds another point of possible asymmetry for coordination, 
which is might actually be a fun thing in the same way that there's two foods, but one resource. 
That's true. 
Kind of haggle over the that one, you know. 
Yes. 
That uh discrete um unit. I I Yeah. I don't know. And it also like it works well with the narrative of the wolf being aggressive. So it 
I like it. Yeah. Yeah. So that means we have to look at this in other scenarios. 
You you can only hide if you have an action to spare. But then the next round, for example, 
um you can choose to hide again then. 
Yeah. or you would have to attack. So it's it's the only way for you to wait for somebody to come to your aid. 
But then the question now is when the person comes to your aid, how would you how did we coordinate the fact that we both used our actions at the same time? I can't actually remember how the f*** we did that. 
Well, that's the thing. The wolf, you didn't actually act. You the wolf moved on to your tile after your round ended 
and happened on the adjacent one. So it was by chance that we were both able to well by the chance of the wolf that we were able to be at the same time. 
So do we say that we can anticipate where the wolf would land and we try to be there to attack? I mean that one that brings a whole new strategic like forecasting into place like okay there are three like we can actually wolves to us if we create our rabbit farms. We're like, "Ah, okay. So, if we have two now, the next round it will be a three and a wolf would get there. And if the wolf gets there, then we're there to attack." 
I think that would totally work. But that seems like two levels about 
that's like Yeah, that's some serious 
Yeah. 
I mean, we could make emergent or uh like revealing rules around that. But I like the hide one though. I think that's cool. So we have the possibility of hiding. 
But then the wolf, what's the wolf's action? When the round ends the next turn, the wolf must act. 
Well, the wolf will always like if you're on a square with a wolf. 
Yeah. 
You only have two choices. You can either hide or you can fight. There's no, those are your only two choices. 
Okay. 
So, the wolf, as far as the wolf's character in the game is concerned, or its behavior rather, is that it will it will always try to attack you 
at all times when you're on the square with it. 
Yes. Okay. And the only option you have is to hide. And you can't leave the tile unless you fight. So, you can hide out more help then, 
right? 
All right. I like that then. That goes 
It seems easy in my brain. That's That's easier in my brain. So, that's good then. Yes. 
And so, and then this is sort of implied, but I'm just going to say it out loud cuz I know, not that we need to, but if you can also use two players 
like uh two of your own players. Yes. 
Which actually, now that I say that, I should I should do that immediately like cuz then like if you have the two moving together the threat of a wolf goes down like 
Exactly. Yeah. 
Which is new. I would never thought of it but that would it's like an emergent thing. Yeah. 
The beauty of play testing. 
Yep. This is good. Um also 
s*** it's almost 10. What? That was too much fun. What the hell? But yeah, sorry. What did you want to say? 
I think uh what I uh I think I forgot what I was going to say. 
Sorry. I'm so sorry about that. 
No, it's it's good. But um Oh, uh Ah, yeah. Never mind. 
Is it good? Okay. 
Okay. Where where are we at with uh or do you want to It's probably like lateish for you. I don't think we 
almost 10 p.m. Yeah, we did almost 2 hours. Yeah, 
but I think it's better if we do at least roughly an hour 30, an hour 40 minutes. It helps us to go a bit further in the reflection. 
And I think it it Yeah, I think we've gone a lot further in in the dynamics than 
than this other time. So, I'm very happy about this. 
Me, too. I think that 
So, 
um I'm not sure if I'll always be able to do two or hour and a half. 
Yeah, just let us know. Yeah, just let me know um so that we can adjust based on uh availabilities. 
Yeah. Okay, that sounds good. And um no, I'm really happy with this. I I think this is awesome. 
And also I I can like see the physical pieces or like I uh 
Yes. 
I don't whatever reason when we had this like overlay of with the gray and the green. It 
helps. 
Finally, it just like clicked how this would feel if it were made of wood, you know, or 
Yeah, it's badass though. And I'm loving how we got into understanding the dynamics of the wolf moving and the 
It felt a bit more intuitive and I think that's what is very nice about it at the end of the day. 
Credit to I think the earlier work that we did though because um 
Yes, exactly. Understand? the 
Mhm. 
So that's great. 
It plays out and we can see it happening. Oh, that's so cool though. 
Nice one, man. Thanks a lot for today. It was a It was a lovely time. 
Yeah, likewise. Um, yeah, I'll do it again uh next week. I think I should be good. 
Be great. Okay, 
man. Have a lovely day. You too. See you.

